{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red36\green36\blue36;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c18824\c18824\c18824;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/2019/07/29/delaware-wedding-century-therapy-dogs-get-married/1850961001/\
\
Two therapy dogs with PAWS for People, a nonprofit that makes visits to hospitals, schools, libraries and more, are getting & married in a special fundraiser on Aug. 10. Frangelica Meloni is the bride, while Shaggydog Stark is the groom.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Here comes the bride, all dressed in white, and wearing ... a lavender leash?\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 It's taken one year to plan the nuptials\'a0of Frangelica Meloni and Shaggydog Stark, and for good reason, their parents said Sunday.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 For one, their wedding\'a0is incredibly elaborate. Not only is there a large, color-coordinated wedding party, but the event\'a0doubles as a fundraiser for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.pawsforpeople.org/"}}{\fldrslt \ul PAWS for People}}, a nonprofit that trains and certifies therapy pets.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 It will be on Aug. 10 at Rose Tree Park in Media, Pennsylvania.\'a0\
\
Shaggydog is an 8.5-year-old\'a0Great\'a0Pyrenees\'a0mix, a gentle-spirited\'a0mountain dog with tons of fluffy white fur, from north Wilmington. His name was inspired by the hit TV show and book series, "Game of Thrones."\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Frangelica, according to a doggy DNA test, is part Maltese, Yorkie and\'a0Cairn terrier, with a "splash of\'a0Pomeranian." From Chadds Ford, Pennsylvania, she was named after a brand of hazelnut liqueur because she was "a little nuts" when\'a0she was first adopted.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Both bride and groom are therapy dogs for\'a0PAWS for People.\'a0The organization\'a0has more than 500\'a0volunteers who, with their dogs, cats and rabbits,\'a0visit health care facilities,\'a0chemical dependency centers, courtrooms, libraries, schools, private homes and more.\
\
That's how the two dogs met, Frangelica's owner, Kathryn Meloni, said.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Shaggydog and his owner, Ashley Kennedy, had volunteered for PAWS before but were going back through the orientation process after briefly\'a0moving away. Frangelica, who has been in the program for more than five years and is the same age as Shaggydog, was acting as a mentor of sorts.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 The\'a0two dogs started hanging out at volunteer events. Once, Shaggydog even brought Frangelica flowers at a Barnes & Noble book fair.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 They made it "Facebook official" in May 2018, announcing online that they were "in a relationship."\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 That's when Meloni, Frangelica's owner, starting getting ideas.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 As a bit of a joke, she suggested that the two get married.\'a0\
\
"What I said was they should get married, and we can make it a fundraiser," she said. "I was serious, but not 110% serious."\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Kennedy ran with it.\
\
Shaggydog took Frangelica on a date in June 2018 to a Bark in the Park\'a0game, which the Wilmington Blue Rocks hold\'a0each summer for dogs and their owners, and halfway through,\'a0Shaggydog popped the question, presenting Frangelica with a plush dog toy shaped like an engagement ring.\'a0}